Come on.
I have red wine eggs for you
If you drink it sweetly, you will have no worries.
Thanks, Mom.
Qianqian
Are you willing to tell mom what's wrong with you?
I seem to have done something wrong
Hurt the person I care about the most
Is this person important to you?
Well, he's my best friend.
As long as he wants
I listen to him.
But true friendship is mutual
Someone you care so much about
Does he care about you as much?
I don't know.
I'll hear it later, and you'll be happy now.
Especially you.
Song Qingqing
Okay, I don't want to worry about these things.
Look what mom has prepared for you
This is a horse ranch run by an old friend of mine
The scenery there is very good
It just so happens that he is receiving a reception these days
You can go to relax
But I won't go.
It's okay, it will be arranged freely at that time.
You must go.
Otherwise, mom will ignore you.
OK.